Welcome back to Springfield
Today again fast on the weekend
Let's just do the next episode like
You see , there are a few more
announced missions or initialed
Of course, here and we collect first
again that here is still ours
of course money
after we last year we
has seen or maybe not
trainer beard tree house have built yes
as I said the list specifications tree house
built and therefore allowed now
resort to bad here is one
schnaps shoulder is drying up well
but you see how you see
So sit again busy for
been, and we sometimes even the one
or other exclamation marks that's us
can also do a little bit again
which do a few tasks but
before we do that, we'll do it
very briefly the rest of the money still from the
second springfield 1
and it goes pretty fast now
that does not even work that way anymore
a lot of money here and here
therefore change directly again quickly
back and continue with the
tasks that we still have for the
We can see people sometimes
again what needs last time
First, a lot of money for the Baumhaus
so it may be spent
a little bit lisa I am the most beautiful school
jump for me one for you
so let go such
red I protect my red shirt
I do not dress
i thought this from the
mundwinkel nicola shoves the school
Tail out quickly without complaint
watch what have danced there and fun
do
so that can howl without bruise can us
still almost give this is a cannon
Unfortunately 350 times okay happen
I have then just from the outside
seen recorded the lemons
need and lose another one yesterday
the farmers are surprised now
just take it out of the box and use
so that you automatically at the
right wm exclamation mark
He was still in forehand me now
your book is and not clear first
and then so that you can still see the others
have to do something long and fast
then that would have done it again
for this time does not seem like
we could expand is
We'll wait and see if you always want
again, what would we say?
just send it now too
any long mission brings faith
I mostly most without this great
must every day ten hours but more on that
that brings our car actually has
Nothing, as I said, seems like all of them again
to be busy for a bit
money and then lisa makes it happen
Me too, and therefore something else
after this place again
Say goodbye and see you tomorrow
the html what he still drives in the
shields
The fire still with his camera area
rum
well let us see the daily remakes